# Courera-Course
Project Title:
Credit card Information retrieval for company profit computation

Which topic did you choose to apply the data science methodology to?
The credit card companies information is extracted for the identification of the business opportunities, thus chosen credit card information.

Problem Description: 
Finding the business opportunity for the entrepreneur is very important as they want to get started , best strategy is to identify the nearest approach that is successful and get started with that .
The credit card holds a lot of information with them as to see which companies get most of the customer, now these consumption data for various companies can be sorted according to the various categories and thus can  give huge insights of the data. As such going for information gathering about the consumption of customers on various companies is huge and tedious task, thus we can go for the alternative strategy as discussed above.
There is problem associated with this strategy as data is not complete as some people prefer cash, thus that information is missing from the dataset, but even though it can give some insights.


Analytic Approach : It would be useful for defining the cluster according to the various areas. Basically we are trying to identify business which are somehow related to each other thus need descriptive model.
Data Requirements: The information needed would be business location, business type for the identification of the opportunities in related business. The identification of the most common used and accepted business type. The list of products with their industry type and sales information, thus the pre selected business can be expanded for the specific products. Although credit card companies use their information for re targeting service for other companies, the detailed information about these companies is confidential, however consolidate information without the names and fiscal registration available for commercial purposes. . It would be necessary to contact the B2B department and request the information described above for, at least, the last 3 years so we could identify seasonality, and market trends.  If the business opportunity exists it happens in the two possible. The identification of the products which shows high sales and in area there are less number of outlets for that products and the second one where area information shows a high sales of any product but complementary products aren’t offered in the same area.
Data Collection: Information extracted from the credit cards should be in a structured format  but it would be necessary to obtain  weekly, monthly and yearly consumption, as long as product sales information from Central Bank have also data attached to each product, it would be necessary to remove that unwanted information. Data is in unstructured format, so it would be necessary to define the fields, depending on the amount of rows, we can use Python for doing the same using Jupiter notebooks.
Data Understanding and Preparation: Dataset could be incomplete, so need to figure out whether it is necessary or can we skip it. Some information duplicity could be present as the same product with different names, thus need to fix that. We should remove unnecessary data.
Modeling and Evaluation: The descriptive model have been used, thus no requirement of the training set, but some calculations are required as we need to depend on this information for talking the right decision. We can assume that people tend to use similar products according to the area, so the modelling process take the estimated sales of the related products in the defined areas. Thus the process may be refined and adjusted to get the best information for making the right decision and give us more insights about the dataset then required.
